feat(client) MaxContentLength configurable field (#139)
Kong/kong-portal-cli: README.md

In addition to `kong_admin_uri` and `kong_admin_token`, you can also add:
- `disable_ssl_verification: true` and
- `ignore_specs: true`

> - `maxContentLengthInMb` - maximum size allowed to be transferred in Mb - default is 10 (10Mb)

Reviewer: Can we use snake case like the other options?
```suggestion
- `max_content_length_mb` - maximum size allowed to be transferred in Mb - default is 10 (10Mb)
```
